I found a coin on the floor.
She placed her book on the table.
They went for a walk on a sunny day.
The picture on the wall is crooked.
The concert will be held on Friday.
He was born on Christmas Day.
I usually have cereal with milk on weekdays.
The meeting is scheduled to take place on Zoom.
She put on her coat and went outside.
The restaurant is on the corner of Main Street and Elm Street.
I always listen to music on my commute to work.
She put the vase on the shelf.
The cat is lying on the couch.
He's been on a diet for two months.
I'm going to put on my jacket because it's cold outside.
We can have a picnic on the beach.
He's always on his phone, even during dinner.
There's a spider on the ceiling.
The book is based on a true story.
The company is located on the 20th floor.
He works on Saturdays.
She spilled coffee on her shirt.
The plane will land on the runway.
He's the only one on the team who speaks French.
I can't find my keys; they might be on the table.
I like to take a walk on a crisp fall morning.
She left her phone on the kitchen counter.
The hotel is located on the beach.
He's been working on his project for weeks.
The restaurant is closed on Mondays.
The painting on the wall is a masterpiece.
I have a meeting on Thursday afternoon.
She's putting on sunscreen before going to the beach.
He's standing on the edge of the cliff.
The store is on the corner of Maple Street and Main Street.
I spilled coffee on my shirt this morning.
She's waiting for her friend on the bench.
The company is working on a new product.
The picture on the website doesn't match the actual product.
I usually do my grocery shopping on the weekend.
The temperature on the thermometer is dropping rapidly.
I like to read on my tablet before going to bed.
The dog is lying on the carpet.
The plane took off on time.
The movie is based on a true story.
I'm going to put on my running shoes and go for a jog.
She's always on time for appointments.
The restaurant is famous for its seafood on the menu.
He's been on a leave of absence from work.
The conference call is scheduled on Monday morning.